was more in the human race has no limits and when it comes to creating websites
on the internet and then
many web pages are incredibly poorly made
festivals or externally yes however
these pages being strange and different zones
they fit for anything
when those sites that serve no purpose at all
it is not uncommon for those of you today to come out completely useless
should be avoided
the address is fulfilled but it is very easy to remember
just write 18 times
before the point
this site shows 5 giant plush animals and danced in synchrony to the sound
of a song that has a star
the music is very swollen and pornography and has in hand
however we can observe a stopwatch below the image
how long you're not alive
7th place in our life
the sixth place stayed for the city which is one of the largest travel agencies have
foundation
when entering the dotcom game you receive a robotic voice
saying phrases like
explained the reason for a good point
having a good moment in hand
you can do everything you want in the middle of a common point
and you can sit and wait, because this warm reception never ends
we did a test after being exposed for close to an hour listening to the
greetings if there were
Are you sick of those, your friend who was featured stays with the
your name of the Saudis that end up being threatened
after hearing a funny joke in the results and in the
batteries
of those who are made shortly after the comedian ends
the moment
So you have only to simulate the barueri
the filipa koala is undoubtedly the most useless and colorful place
from Internet
accessing with you and I will not find any content because
he only has a background in nothing else
but the legacy of these sites is that when we passed away in the corner of the
whole page
and appears exactly to treat an equal with nothing
of another color
Then we try again
in another color
again of another color
a very well thought out idea
who took our 4th place and is worth giving a check
what about a website that has the site name in last
created by someone who wanted to prove that it is not necessary to have content for
seven visits the site more and in oblivion and never in its short
history had a significant visitation
more worth to show this site as an example missing from what to do on the net
How many people have you seen imitating prey?
some do the imitation very well
others not so much
if you want to be part too
this class of goods the image is not my homage and beaches
dentinho is with 68 points paulo
is still a customer
he thanked his colleagues and the most famous eiffel tower
uai
in brazil we have some representatives of the virtual entity
the site dot dot dot com for example is an inexplicable phenomenon
there does not even have dancing animals is not colorful and does not have
fabulous nobody's photo
the cable car has only an old photo expo kara dioguardi
even though it was one of the most visited sites in 2006 and 2007 in Brazil
and you
know some sites and more useless because the ones we show
So send us back to the team.
between are farces
or a stump